1 The Auditorium can be booked only six months prior to the event. The Auditorium will primarily be booked for Social, Cultural & Academic activities such as Lectures, Seminars, Conferences, Symposiums, Workshops, Meetings, Academic / Medical professional activities and Social Awareness, etc.. Organiser/s shall not use the Auditorium and its premises for events other than the permitted purpose, doing so management will close the program / event and security deposit shall be confiscated. Auditorium is not allowed for Political and Family Functions.

2 The GES reserve the right to modify, change or issue new terms, conditions and rules at Auditorium for efficient and the safe operation.

3 The management and the auditorium staff have full authority to enter the gallery or any part Of it at any time during the event.

4 It shall be Organiser/s’ sole responsibility to check the Auditorium before taking possession.

5 Organiser/s shall make all requests/demands/requirements in writing. Verbal/telephonic communications will not be entertained.

6 Booking shall be considered confirmed only after the required amount has been paid and confirmation issued by the management.

7 Organizers shall note that, program / event lengths are restricted to not more than three hours, in one session including intermission. The Auditorium could be occupied one hour before the event. Additional charges shall be applicable if the Auditorium is required for more than 1 hour before and also if the event runs longer / delayed more than the sanctioned time the organiser/s will have to pay additional charges as per norms*.

8 Organizers shall be obliged to take written permission of Police Department (as per requirements of the event) from Gangapur Police Station before the date of event and submit the copy of same to the Auditorium In-Charge in office hours one day prior to the date of event failing which the possession of the hall will be denied.

9 It is obligatory for Organiser/s before starting an event in the Auditorium venue, to obtain and secure the necessary clearances / no-objection certificates, etc. from the concern authorities, so that intellectual property rights are not violated.

10 Organiser/s shall ensure and will be responsible to maintain law and order, traffic control, etc. as per Govt. and statutory rules. Only Organiser/s will be held responsible for any legal action on violation of law and order.

11 Organizers shall be obliged to limit sound level below prescribed limit inside and outside the Auditorium and strictly adhere to the time slot for which bookings have been made.

12 Any penalty / fines imposed due to non-compliance with law and order / rules will be borne by organiser/s.

13 In view of the prevailing security during the event, organizer of the event may nominate designee (if required) to identifying delegates, VIPs/Special Guests, Guests and audience to ensure that only invitees are allowed to attend the event.

14 Organizers shall be obliged to avoid overcrowding in the auditorium and premises and will be held responsible for the damages in such case. Organizers shall note that audience / participant may not sit on the stage, or in the aisles, or on the steps. Neither may they add chairs to the auditorium. Any kind of loud music outside the auditorium is not allowed. Audience dancing inside the auditorium is strictly prohibited.

15 In case the Organiser/s is unable to use the auditorium due to strikes, any technical /mechanical / electricity failure or on account of riot / fire / earthquake/war or an act of God, management will not be liable for any loss suffered by the organiser and the Organiser/s will co-operate with the Auditorium staff.

16 In case of cancellation of an event, written notice should reach the auditorium In-charge at least two days before the event date (excluding the event date). (As per cancellation policy.)

17 The organizer must sign the possession and vacating reports available with the office staff, while taking over and handing over the auditorium.

18 Children below 8 years must be accompanied by their parents / guardians.

19 Smoking, Chewing Tobacco, drinking of alcoholic beverages is strictly prohibited in the premises. Additionally, the organiser must announce that Smoking, Chewing Tobacco, drinking of alcoholic beverages is not permitted. The hiring Organisation shall ensure its compliance and violation may entail forfeiture of security money or any other penalty or legal action as decided by managing committee.

20 Eatables and beverages are strictly prohibited inside the auditorium and on the stage.

21 Posters/Banners/Notices of publicity will not be allowed to be stuck or pasted other than the designated spaces specified in the auditorium. Posters / Banners / notices are allowed only in Foyer, outside the auditorium. On doing so per poster/banner/notice Rs. 1000 (+) GST or as decided by the management will be fine. Party will be charged accordingly for any damages caused to the auditorium.

22 Organiser/s shall note that, if the advertisement or placard / flex of the program is to be placed outside the Auditorium it can be placed 5 days in advance for free. If the advertisement or placard / flex are to be placed more than 5 days, charges shall be applicable at the rate of Rs. 300/- excluding GST, per day.

23 Organizer shall have to pay extra Rs. 2000 per hour for towards fuel / diesel charges of generator.

24 Designated spaces have been marked out for floral Rangoli and floral decorations. Only floral decorations are allowed. Display of goods / products is not permitted inside or outside the Auditorium.

25 Drawing & Painting is not allowed in the auditorium and auditorium area. Marks on the stage floor should be made with spike tape, chalk or glow tape that is removed at the end of the event without damaging surface by the organisers.  Utilisation of double-sided tape, masking tape, duct tape etc. strictly prohibited. The organizers have to pay full compensation for the damages caused by this act immediately.

26 Firework or firecrackers, party poppers, fire candles, etc. will not be allowed within the premises of the auditorium. Do not bring / use of any inflammable material in the auditorium and auditorium premises. Also take special care to avoid fire/smoke while using lamps, torches, flame. Carrying of inflammable or sharp objects in auditorium and auditorium premises is not permitted.

27 The use of the theatrical fog, haze, or smoke created using fog or haze fluid is prohibited as it interferes with the fire protection systems.

28 For cleanliness - Tissue paper, Disposable Containers, Paper, Plastic bags, Garbage, Trash, etc. must be thrown in the garbage pot/bin only. Organiser/s shall take care of it and give such instructions to the audience / participant from time to time. Will make separate arrangements for waste removal from the place.

29 No extra lights or mic or audio-video equipment will be installed by the Organiser/s without prior permission. Any other facility to be used other than provided will require prior permission from the auditorium in-charge and charges may be levied on the same if extra electricity, water is consumed.

30 Organiser/s must use available Sound system and lights of the auditorium. Apart from that, if any sound system and lights are to be used from outside suppliers other than in-house event manager, prior permission shall be obtained and a separate fee will be charged (lights Rs.500/- per hour, mixer-mic. Rs. 500/- per hour)

31 Only limited external furniture is permitted into the Auditorium premises with prior approval. The furniture of the Auditorium should not be shifted to any other place.

32 For any mis-haps incidents / Accidents / medical emergencies in booking duration, the organiser will be responsible and liable for medical assistance and expenses. No medical facility is available in the premises.

33 Organiser/s is advised to take care of Set, props, scenery, conference material, technical equipments, personal belongings etc. as management is not responsible for it.

34 The loss/damages (if any), done to any internal or external property of the Auditorium, including furniture, mics, lights, taps, fans, switches, doors, windows, AC, lift, curtains, fittings, fixtures, equipments, etc. during event period, the organizer will be responsible to such loss and in such case the Organizer shall be liable to pay assessed damage charges decided by the auditorium managing committee.

35 Parking of vehicles is at the risk of the owners. Vehicles parked in parking area should removedfrom the premises / parking area within half an hour after the end of the event.

36 For Decoration, stage arrangement, LED Screens, Selfie-Point, Flowers, etc. In-house Event Manager is provided. For charges Organiser/s shall directly approach to event manager. Only after the required booking amount paid.

37 For tea, snacks, foods (lunch or dinner) and drinks, contact In-house cafeteria manager.

38 The management will not be responsible for items theft, left or lost in the auditorium. Lost items if found in the premises could be collected by concern organisation by the next day between 11-00 AM to 4-00 PM.

39 Organiser/s shall note that after the event, the deposit receipt for leaving the hall should be immediately submitted to the office (in office working hours) and the account should be settled. Security deposit will be refunded to the applicant within three months from the date of event.

40 The Chairman or the Secretary of the Gokhale Education Society may in exceptional cases, exercise special powers and grant exemption from the enforcement of any rule or relaxation of any rule (Not disturbing law and order) on the basis of merit.

41 Any legal disputes arising out of the application of these rules will be under the Nashik Jurisdiction of the courts of law.

42 Safety of People/ Visitor for an event is Organizers Sole Responsibility.

+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Sr. No. | Notice Period (Days Before Event)           | Refundable Amount (%)    |
+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
|   1     | 46 to 180 days                               | 95%                      |
+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
|   2     | 31 to 45 days                                | 50%                      |
+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
|   3     | 16 to 30 days                                | 25%                      |
+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
|   4     | Less than 15 days                            | 0%                       |
+---------+---------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
Note :
1) In case of cancellation credit note will be issued as per the GST norms of govt.
2) Deposit will be refunded   as per policy only after the event date or cancellation date as the case may be.
3) No claim of refund or discount shall be entertained due tostrikes, unexpected Natural Calamity like Heavy Rains, Earthquake, Floods, Cyclone, Lightening, Fire, Act of God etc. Or events beyond management’s control like power AC, electricity generator, sound system etc. failure.
